Update known issues for 10.11.0-beta.1 (#1942)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Dependencies
* Update gl-native to v10.11.0-beta.1 and common to v23.3.0-beta.1. ([1934](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1934))

> ## Known issues

Reviewer: Nit : should be also added to https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/releases/tag/v10.11.0-beta.1

Author: Yes, will do once we agree about the text here.

Author: Done

> * Using `BackgroundLayer.backgroundPatternTransition`, `FillExtrusionLayer.fillExtrusionPatternTransition`, `FillLayer.fillPatternTransition`, `LineLayer.lineDasharrayTransition`, `LineLayer.linePatternTransition` will result in an invalid layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Using `pattern` and `dash` transition property for layer will result in invalid layer error.
```

Author: How about combining both:
```suggestion
* Using `pattern` and `dash` transition properties for layer (e.g. `BackgroundLayer.backgroundPatternTransition`, `FillExtrusionLayer.fillExtrusionPatternTransition`, `FillLayer.fillPatternTransition`, `LineLayer.lineDasharrayTransition`, `LineLayer.linePatternTransition`, ...) will result in an invalid layer.
```

Reviewer 2: looks good 🚢
